SUBID     	BioProject	BioSample	Organism
--------------------------------------------------------
SUB14235440	PRJNA1087748	SAMN40455390	Kokia kauaiensis

[] We ran your sequences through our Contamination Screen. The screen found 
contigs that need to be trimmed and/or excluded. The results are in the 
Contamination.txt file posted in your submission on the WGS submission portal 
https://submit.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/subs/genome/. More details about the 
contamination screening process are available at https://github.com/ncbi/fcs

GenBank staff will automatically remove contaminants that are found to be 
the entire sequence or at the end of a sequence, and will post the reports 
and edited fasta file to the submission portal. Note that internal contamination 
will not be automatically removed since the sequence may be misassembled and 
therefore should be split at the contamination and resubmitted as separate sequences.
In addition, we do not automatically remove mitochondrial sequences in 
eukaryotic submissions. 

If you selected the submission portal option "Do not automatically trim or 
remove sequences identified as contamination" then you will need 
to adjust the sequences appropriately and then resubmit your sequences. 
After you remove the contamination, trim any Ns at the ends of the sequence 
and remove any sequences that are shorter than 200 nt and not part of a 
multi-component scaffold.

WARNING: If we do not hear from you by $(add.days,14), your 
submission will be deleted from the processing queue.

Note that mismatches between the name of the adaptor/primer identified in the screen 
and the sequencing technology used to generate the sequencing data should not be used 
to discount the validity of the screen results as the adaptors/primers of many 
different sequencing platforms share sequence similarity.


Mitochondrion:
[] Some sequences are similar to a mitochondrial sequence. There are three options:
 (A) If you are not sequencing mitochondrial DNA, remove these sequences
 (B) If you want to include the mitochondrial sequences in the genome submission, 
 label them as mitochondrial. 
- To label the sequences in a BATCH submission, add a source qualifier in the fasta  
 definition line [location=mitochondrion].  See "IMPORTANT: Additional requirements 
 for batch submissions" at https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/genbank/genomesubmit/#batch_assignment
- If this is not a BATCH submission, indicate that these sequences are mitochondrial in the 
 Assignment tab of the submission portal.
- In addition, it is recommended but not required that you move these sequences to the end 
of your submission or put them in a separate file so that  they are clustered together.
(C) If these are nuclear mitochondrial pseudogene regions (numt's) that should remain 
 in the submission, please notify us by including a comment in the submission portal 
or by emailing us. Note that numts should be integrated into the genome and therefore 
should only be marked as "Trim".  Any sequence marked as "Exclude" because of a hit 
to mitochondria must either be removed (option A) or labeled as mitochondrial (option B).
The numt sequences will still appear in the contamination report, but once you have 
removed all those marked to exclude and told us that the rest are numts, you can ignore 
the errors. We will manually override the error when we review your submission.


Skipped 2,023 same as before; no new sequences to screen.
Note: 87 sequences with runs of Ns 10 bp or longer (or those longer that 20 MB) were split before comparing.
1 sequence to trim

Trim:
Sequence name, length, span(s), apparent source
scaffold_433	15951	1..3518	mitochondrion-not_cleaned


