SUBID     	BioProject	BioSample	Organism
--------------------------------------------------------
SUB14235440	PRJNA1087748	SAMN40455388	Kokia cookei

[] We ran your sequences through our Contamination Screen. The screen found 
contigs that need to be trimmed and/or excluded. The results are in the 
Contamination.txt file posted in your submission on the WGS submission portal 
https://submit.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/subs/genome/. More details about the 
contamination screening process are available at https://github.com/ncbi/fcs

GenBank staff will automatically remove contaminants that are found to be 
the entire sequence or at the end of a sequence, and will post the reports 
and edited fasta file to the submission portal. Note that internal contamination 
will not be automatically removed since the sequence may be misassembled and 
therefore should be split at the contamination and resubmitted as separate sequences.
In addition, we do not automatically remove mitochondrial sequences in 
eukaryotic submissions. 

If you selected the submission portal option "Do not automatically trim or 
remove sequences identified as contamination" then you will need 
to adjust the sequences appropriately and then resubmit your sequences. 
After you remove the contamination, trim any Ns at the ends of the sequence 
and remove any sequences that are shorter than 200 nt and not part of a 
multi-component scaffold.

WARNING: If we do not hear from you by $(add.days,14), your 
submission will be deleted from the processing queue.

Note that mismatches between the name of the adaptor/primer identified in the screen 
and the sequencing technology used to generate the sequencing data should not be used 
to discount the validity of the screen results as the adaptors/primers of many 
different sequencing platforms share sequence similarity.


Adaptor:
[] Some of the sequences hit primers or adaptors used in Illumina, 
454, or other sequencing strategies or platforms.  Adaptor at the 
end of a sequence should be removed. However, if adaptors are 
present within sequences then you should strongly consider 
splitting the sequences at the adaptor because the adaptor sequence 
could have been the region of overlap, causing a misassembly.


Skipped 2,153 same as before; no new sequences to screen.
Note: 77 sequences with runs of Ns 10 bp or longer (or those longer that 20 MB) were split before comparing.
1 sequence to trim

Trim:
Sequence name, length, span(s), apparent source
Kc_05	50961108	39070673..39070703	adaptor:NGB02000.1-not_cleaned


